Thanks for treating me to dessert today.
And helped me teach that shitty ex-boyfriend a lesson
I really saw you right
You are as good a man as your brothers
Okay, for the sake of your sweet mouth
I'll let you go for what happened in the alley today
Okay, I promise I will never say it.
What's the matter? Maybe I ate too many sweets today.
Baby teeth are starting to hurt again
I'll just go to the hospital.
Our seventh
But the most famous doctor Jacques in Sunset City
I'll take you there.
There is a business game this afternoon.
Why haven't you come to the arena to warm up?
I forgot, sorry?
Send me the address and I'll be there right away.
Suddenly something urgent
I can't accompany you to the hospital. It's alright.
Go to work
In the evening, I have a competition at the chengguan in the city center